hello everybody it is January fifteenth
2008 this is super saiyan grillin and
this review is going to be about the
warrior class first thing i'd like to
sable the clearance is that while up
while it might look really strong in the
beginning from levels 126 when you're
just fighting around and doing those low
level quests while they might seem
really strong once you get after level
10 you go to whatever it's the other the
next area it gets really hard I'm going
to tell you that and because like I had
a head of 15 no more year before and I
kept dying I'd I just I was dying too
much and now that really was not fun it
was not fun at all so I just I just quit
that I just quit that guy all together
and just worked on my mage that's that's
what happened though he was just not fun
to me and there are three specs to a
warrior there is arms prot protection
and fury and arms i think is basically
it's it's dps with with two handers it's
mainly with to hit with using a
two-hander weapons which is just 200
stores to end it axes two-handed basis
whatever whatever and that's pretty much
what it is DPS for that kind of
that kind of playing area next back fury
fury is biz DPS like arms I don't know
the ratings of fury and ours in
comparison to dps but I think it looks
it looks it looks a lot funner than arms
to me it's and when it focuses on
instead of to n then it's like the arms
tree it focuses on dual wiggins mostly
and that's that's pretty cool I think
sometimes for years with with dual
weapons that kind of like rogue wannabes
again I don't know the comparison
between a fury where you're in a robe
but I know I just inside I feel like I
just don't notice what I feel I never
played a very warrior so I can't chat
about it too much and the next spec is
his protection but what protection is is
basically a shield and a sword shield
the enemy's shield an axe whatever
whatever it's been it's mainly used with
the is which it's mainly with shields
shields and one hand wanted and what I
think this is this maybe maybe a lot of
people laid this for me but uh I think
is that every warrior should be
protection every warrior should be
protection
if you're me I if your guild is full of
tanks and stuff okay I understand that
but there are there how many classes I
don't know but a lot of classes that
will pretty much every class in the game
can dps and since a warrior is one of
the one of the few that can add that is
able to tank and if you don't know what
tanking is tanking is basically when
you're running in an instance and such
as if you're a mage your and you're very
vulnerable to attacks when a tank does
is that tank absorbs the damage he's
like he's making sure that the enemy is
attacking the tank instead of you while
you're doing the real damage he's doing
some damage to but not as much as the
day the edge of course most of and but
yeah like that every I just think every
warrior should be protection they're
like the ones that can heal or tank
their dps and I believe that's like four
classes like four or five I can't
remember
good but Roger some thinking the other
yeah there's no yeah again if if your
guild has a lot of tanks in it then then
that's that then I guess I understand
that but if if your guild is low on
tanks then you should be brought I think
you should be brought because if you
want to have fun I'd probably say fury
arms might be more fun I don't really
know I foiled plot a couple of times on
my warrior and I did a little better as
opposed to not telling and the kind
words can also they can like paladins
they can also wear play armor which is
the best of the best armor skills oh
it's the type of armor where you get the
best armor skills and yeah I know
probably a lot of you warriors will hate
me because a lot of you ms warriors with
the
if you don't know where ms for your SMS
for years it's a is a warrior that has
talent points to get more school called
mobile mortal strike what mortal strike
does is it's a heavy weapon dealing too
heavy weapon dealing the skill and its
really really it's really nice for PvP
like I've seen but yeah I think
recovered everything Oh every race every
race in the game every race in the game
can be a warrior except for blood elves
and the reason for that is Blizzard said
that blows be too frail or something not
really but uh there are only if there
isn't really much Lord behind warriors
generally like I like early classes with
more which is the story employers the
lore with the Warriors just that it's
it's just part of the race don't want
that likes to be it's the system or what
you're pretty much that's all of it in
in the nutshell so yeah I've believed
I've said everything I could about the
warrior and remember if as soon as you
get after over 10 it'll be a bit it'll
be harder to kill mobs and because of
that you'll die a bit
so yeah peace out oh and by the way it's
been a while since I've made a video and
because of that something in my life is
making me feel depressed and I've been
plying the world warcraft to get over
that depression and making videos in a
happy mode isn't yeah I'm Scooby like
i'll be like freaking Reitman that's why
i didn't make videos since
so yeah p so